src/contact.md, before:

---
title: 'Our Connection'
layout: 'layouts/page.html'
pageHeaderSummary: 'Whether you are an individual with IDD, a software developer, or just passionate about accessibility, your input is valuable to us.'
pageCTA:
  title: 'Building Bridges in Digital Accessibility'
  summary: 'Our project, a collaboration with Centennial College Social Innovation Research Centre, Surrey Place, and Community Living Toronto, originated from a shared commitment to inclusivity. It is a synergy of AI and human-centric design, focused on enhancing digital access for individuals with IDD.'
  buttonText: 'View Latest Updates'
  buttonUrl: '/blog'
---

Connect with our project team for inquiries or collaboration opportunities. Whether you're interested in our research, want to participate, or simply have questions, **we're here to assist you**.

Get in touch with our project leaders for specific queries or guidance:
- For project insights: 
  - [Johanna Niles](mailto:JNiles@centennialcollege.ca) (*JNiles@centennialcollege.ca*)
- For research-related queries: 
  - [Daniel Huizenga](mailto:dhuizenga@centennialcollege.ca) (*dhuizenga@centennialcollege.ca*)
- For AI and software development: 
  - [Tenzin Jinpa](mailto:tJinpa@centennialcollege.ca) (*tJinpa@centennialcollege.ca*)
  - [Viji Angamuthu](mailto:vtiruche@my.centennialcollege.ca) (*vtiruche@my.centennialcollege.ca*)
- For adaptive technology support: 
  - [Lowell Heppner](mailto:LHeppner@centennialcollege.ca) (*LHeppner@centennialcollege.ca*)
- For website issues or inquiries: 
  - [Ninghua Zhang](mailto:nzhang26@my.centennialcollege.ca) (*nzhang26@my.centennialcollege.ca*)

> Follow our journey and stay informed about our latest developments, workshops, and achievements in the field of AI and accessibility. Join our newsletter via [RSS](/feed.xml) or follow us on social media for regular updates.

This project is supported by the [Social Innovation Research Centre](https://centennialsirc.wordpress.com/) at [Centennial College](https://www.centennialcollege.ca/).  
We acknowledge the support of the [Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada](https://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/index_eng.asp) (NSERC).

Commit message:

Update contact page and newsletter

src/contact.md, after:

---
title: 'Our Connection'
layout: 'layouts/page.html'
pageHeaderSummary: 'Whether you are an individual with IDD, a software developer, or just passionate about accessibility, your input is valuable to us.'
pageCTA:
  title: 'Building Bridges in Digital Accessibility'
  summary: 'Our project, a collaboration with Centennial College Social Innovation Research Centre, Surrey Place, and Community Living Toronto, originated from a shared commitment to inclusivity. It is a synergy of AI and human-centric design, focused on enhancing digital access for individuals with IDD.'
  buttonText: 'View Latest Updates'
  buttonUrl: '/blog'
---

Connect with our project team for inquiries or collaboration opportunities. Whether you're interested in our research, want to participate, or simply have questions, **we're here to assist you**.

Get in touch with our project leaders for specific queries or guidance:
- For project insights: [Johanna Niles](mailto:JNiles@centennialcollege.ca) (*JNiles@centennialcollege.ca*)
- For project inquiries: [Daniel Huizenga](mailto:dhuizenga@centennialcollege.ca) (*dhuizenga@centennialcollege.ca*)

> Follow our journey and stay informed about our latest developments, workshops, and achievements in the field of AI and accessibility. Join our newsletter via [RSS](/feed.xml) or follow us on social media for regular updates.

This project is supported by the [Social Innovation Research Centre](https://centennialsirc.wordpress.com/) at Centennial College.    

We acknowledge the support of the [Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada](https://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/index_eng.asp) (NSERC).
<br/>
<br/>
Found an issue with our website? Please contact [Ninghua Zhang](mailto:nzhang26@my.centennialcollege.ca)
